README.md, before:

# League Advisor App

### We are deployed on *GitHub*

[League Advisor App](https://github.com/League-Advisor/league-advisor-app)

---

## Web App

### *TBA*

---

## Features and Tests

### *TBA*

---

## User Stories

[User Stories](https://github.com/orgs/League-Advisor/projects/2)

---

## Wireframes
![log-in](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250646086484058/LA_log_in_.jpg)
![sign-up](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250646338175026/LA_sign_up.jpg)
![Dashboard](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250645876797490/LA_dashB.jpg)
![Browser](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918251768738086932/LA_championB.jpg)
![SoloRanked](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250645352513556/LA__item_And_champion_.jpg)


---

## Domain Model

![Domain Model](assets/Domain_Model.png)

- Items marked with * are stretch goals or may require different approach.

---
## Database Schema Diagram

![Database Schema](assets/Database_Schema.png)

- Items marked with * are stretch goals or may require different approach.

---

## Project Directory Tree

### *TBA*

---

## Tools Used

[GitHub Projects - League Advisor Web App](https://github.com/orgs/League-Advisor/projects/2)

---

## Getting Started

### *TBA*

---

## Change Log

v0.1: _feat: started project and created project repo_ - 08 Dec 2021

v0.1.1 _docs: added requirements, domain model and db schema_ - 08 Dec 2021

v0.1.2 _docs: edited domain model and db schema_ - 09 Dec 2021

v0.2.1 _feat: created login component and added icons assets_ - 12 Dec 2021

v0.2.2 _fix: added to login component_ - 12 Dec 2021

v0.2.2 _feat:added image bg to login page_ - 13 Dec 2021

---

## Test Coverage

### *TBA*

---

## Authors

- Bashar Taamneh
- Du'a Jaradat
- Ehab Ahmad
- Mohammed Al-Hanbali

Commit message:

feat:added webm background to login page and included assets

README.md, after:

# League Advisor App

### We are deployed on *GitHub*

[League Advisor App](https://github.com/League-Advisor/league-advisor-app)

---

## Web App

### *TBA*

---

## Features and Tests

### *TBA*

---

## User Stories

[User Stories](https://github.com/orgs/League-Advisor/projects/2)

---

## Wireframes
![log-in](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250646086484058/LA_log_in_.jpg)
![sign-up](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250646338175026/LA_sign_up.jpg)
![Dashboard](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250645876797490/LA_dashB.jpg)
![Browser](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918251768738086932/LA_championB.jpg)
![SoloRanked](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/904441571544559617/918250645352513556/LA__item_And_champion_.jpg)


---

## Domain Model

![Domain Model](assets/Domain_Model.png)

- Items marked with * are stretch goals or may require different approach.

---
## Database Schema Diagram

![Database Schema](assets/Database_Schema.png)

- Items marked with * are stretch goals or may require different approach.

---

## Project Directory Tree

### *TBA*

---

## Tools Used

[GitHub Projects - League Advisor Web App](https://github.com/orgs/League-Advisor/projects/2)

---

## Getting Started

### *TBA*

---

## Change Log

v0.1: _feat: started project and created project repo_ - 08 Dec 2021

v0.1.1 _docs: added requirements, domain model and db schema_ - 08 Dec 2021

v0.1.2 _docs: edited domain model and db schema_ - 09 Dec 2021

v0.2.1 _feat: created login component and added icons assets_ - 12 Dec 2021

v0.2.2 _fix: added to login component_ - 12 Dec 2021

v0.2.3 _feat:added image bg to login page_ - 13 Dec 2021

v0.2.4 _feat:added webm background to login page and included assets_ - 13 Dec 2021

---

## Test Coverage

### *TBA*

---

## Authors

- Bashar Taamneh
- Du'a Jaradat
- Ehab Ahmad
- Mohammed Al-Hanbali
